(GH-2794) Document encrypted keys with 'key-data' issue (#2811)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/troubleshooting.md

    documentation about [execution
    policies](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=135170) and [how to set
    them](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/reference/5.1/microsoft.powershell.security/set-executionpolicy).

## Getting error 'Could not parse PKey: no start line' using SSH private key

This error indicates that the SSH private key provided is encrypted, which is unsupported by Bolt
if the key is provided under `key-data`. You can manually decrypt the key by running `openssl rsa -in
<key_file>` and providing your passphrase, if providing a decrypted key is feasible for your use

> case and security practices. You can also provide a path to the key instead of `key-data` and add it

Reviewer: Adding it to SSH agent is the part that makes this work. Providing a path is unnecessary if you're using the SSH agent and _doesn't_ work if you aren't.

Author: Ah good point!

> ## Getting error 'Could not parse PKey: no start line' using SSH private key
> 
> This error indicates that the SSH private key provided is encrypted, which is unsupported by Bolt
> if the key is provided under `key-data`. You can manually decrypt the key by running `openssl rsa -in
> <key_file>` and providing your passphrase, if providing a decrypted key is feasible for your use
> case and security practices. You can also add the key to your SSH agent and *not* specify a
> `private-key` for Bolt to use, and Bolt will use the agent to authenticate your connection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 'Could not parse PKey: no start line' error message when using SSH private key

Bolt does not support encrypted SSH private keys if the keys are provided using the
`key-data` field in your transport configuration. If providing a decrypted key is feasible
for your use case and security practices, you can manually decrypt the key by running
`openssl rsa -in <KEY FILE>` and providing your passphrase. Alternatively, you can
add the key to your SSH agent and *not* specify a `private-key` for Bolt to use. Bolt
will use the agent to authenticate your connection.
```

Reviewer 2: @lucywyman Could you move the "I still need help" section down? That should be the last section on the page.
